Longfellow deeds is a small-town guy let
me get you there a little quicker you're
like he's fine
terrific say hi for me I will about to
receive when mr. Blake died he left an
enormous fortune he left it all to you
deeds 40 billion dollars are you sure
about that now he's headed for the big
city
do ground control I'm stepping through
the door
discovering there's a surprise the big
story of the year and we got nothing
you've got to be ruthless I'm all over
this around every corner there he is
good luck see it the office don't worry
I'll get him shoot okay walk it off
from the producers of Big Daddy I met
this girl I think she's the one
remember I'm Pam Dawson virgin school
nurse that's priceless you a virgin
[Laughter]
[Music]
one man is going to teach high society
he doesn't deserve this I would do
anything to take back what I did to him
I'm sorry all I heard was blah blah blah
I'm a dirty [ __ ] Adam Sandler put some
steam on it get mr. deeds
I got wicked bad frostbite when I was in
the scouts just whacked my foot
don't be nervous go ahead Oh didn't feel
like that awesome go ahead enjoy the
foot you know you're certainly a kid
aren't you
[Music]
you